[Music]
20 psychology facts that will change
your worldview today we've got the most
interesting psychological facts that you
might find very useful after watching
this video you'll understand people
around you much better number 20 you
need 66 days to form a new habit that's
true to start jogging in the morning all
you need is to do it constantly for two
months you should be patient for only
the first 66 days and it will become a
habit say hello to the new you number 19
we're calling fact it's easier with your
eyes closed when you try to remember
something important just close your eyes
it actually works the closed eyes you
are not distracted by what's going on
around so it's much easier to
concentrate on the information you're
trying to recall number 18 brain and gut
are intimately connected have you ever
had an upset stomach when we're angry
here's why the brain in the gut are
connected therefore some emotions
especially stress affect the
physiological function of your stomach
therefore no worries while eating number
17 loving and idolized image isn't the
same as loving a real person your idea
of a person isn't the person the way
they are instead of building castles in
the sky try to talk to person and get to
know them better reality is always more
amazing than dreams number 16 write down
your dreams to follow them easily when
you see your goal clearly it's easier to
reach it quickly also while writing you
might find some of your dreams are not
as desirable as they might have seen
writing will help you sort the wheat
from the shaft number 15 sense of smell
is linked to memory you heard that right
compared to the other senses smell is
the most closely related to our memory
that's why when you sell something from
your childhood like grandma's apple pie
it's very easy to fall into nostalgic
feeling number 14 thinking about how you
think is a sign of higher intelligence
that's true if you want to increase your
mental abilities you should constantly
be aware of the way you think and try to
learn more about this our behavior
mostly depends on our thinking therefore
developing your saw process will help
you improve your life
number thirteen every man has three
characters that would say exhibit that
which they have and that which they
think they have it means a people show
is their personality they're often not
actually their personalities real
character is the inner core of a person
but it often remains invisible number 12
three words are more likely to remember
their dreams we all know that some
people recall their dream every morning
and others rarely recall any it turns
out that if you're a dreamer you're
likely to remember most of your dreams
also 3% more dreams in general number 11
family and friends are what make a kid
happy both friends and relatives are the
primary sources of a child's happiness
and this fact has been scientifically
proven not toys not new stuff not sweet
love and care are all kids need number
10 dominate your opponent to dominate
your opponent talk in a calm voice if
you argue with someone and once win just
lower your voice when you speak in a
quiet tone it means you're confident in
yourself and in what you're saying this
confidence helps you dominate your
yelling opponent number 9 grateful
people are likely to be happier
psychologists have established that
gratitude is closely related to critical
skills that we need for a happy life
here they are the ability to get along
with others work efficiency and the
capacity to appreciate your beloved
number eight speak a few languages can
delay Alzheimer's disease according to a
recent psychology study people who speak
two or more languages get the symptoms
four to five years later than those who
speak only one language speaking two
languages is kind of training for your
brain that stimulates it cells and
prevents them from degeneration number
seven when you're in loved you behave
like a person with mental illness I knew
it and it's scientifically proven now
when you're in love you're experienced a
storm of emotions you're overflowing
with energy talkative and ready to turn
mountains for the sake of your beloved
according to scientists love can be
compared with obsessive-compulsive
disorder
number six memorizing take a 10-minute
break for every 30 to 50 minutes it's
the most efficient way to learn
something new and remember it for a long
time do not study and work the whole day
take some brave it helps your brain take
a breather and put new information in
order number five you make strong
emotional connections with people you're
singing with this sounds interesting
wonderful friend your colleagues or
neighbors sing something silly together
but make sure you pick the right time
for singing number four writing about
your worries before an exam helps to get
a higher score moreover it doesn't only
work for exam it's better to write your
thoughts down for ten minutes when you
worry about something or get upset it
helps you clear your mind and get rid of
stress number three a lack of sleep
causes irritability also it increases
the risk of developing depression if you
want to stay in a good mood please for
seven to eight hours every night it's
vital for peace of mind number two there
are the five most common nightmares yes
that's something we all have in common
most people have the same nightmares
they are falling being chased feeling
trapped being late and suffering from
the death of a close family member have
you had any others finally number one we
make decisions faster when we need to go
to the bathroom I can't argue with this
who would hesitate at such a crucial
moment everyone should probably drink
more water before work meeting and
annoying never-ending discussions will
end up sooner
now what helps you understand people's
behavior are you good at this let us
know in the comments below if you're
visiting our channel for the first time
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you